README.md, before:

![alt text](https://github.com/AirChem/F0AM/blob/master/Docs/F0AMLogo.png "F0AM Logo")

Framework for 0-D Atmospheric Modeling

Most recent public release: [**v3.2**](https://github.com/AirChem/F0AM/releases/latest)

### Welcome!
F0AM is a MATLAB program for simulating atmospheric chemistry systems. It is user-friendly and adaptable to a variety of typical applications, including:
- Analysis of laboratory chamber experiments
- Interpretation of field observations from stationary and mobile platforms
- Process and parameter sensitivity studies 

If F0AM is used to support a scientific publication, please cite the following reference:

>*G. M. Wolfe, M. R. Marvin, S. J. Roberts, K. R. Travis, and J. Liao, The Framework for 0-D Atmospheric Modeling (F0AM) v3.1, Geoscientific Model Development, 9, 3309-3319, doi: 10.5194/gmd-9-3309-2016, 2016.*

In addition, we ask that you send an email to Glenn so that the paper may be added to our [List of Publications Using F0AM](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fd7mWTzMiWuuqRG9eI9g0iYyt7DymLIVpDv_rArt5Z8/edit#gid=0).

### New Users
Welcome! To get started, download the most recent public release of the model. In the main directory of F0AM you will find a file called "F0AM_GettingStarted.pdf" that will guide you through the intitial steps. Read the description paper, read the user manual, and peruse/run the example setup scripts. Remember that models are like any other research tool - they take time to learn, and they break often.

Regular users are encouraged to enlist in the [F0AM users group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/f0amusers), a combo email list and Q/A forum.

### Repository Structure
The "Master" branch contains the most recent public release of F0AM. Previous versions are also retained under [releases](https://github.com/AirChem/F0AM/releases). Additions or changes can be suggested by creating a new branch, committing your modifications, and issuing a pull request that will then be reviewed by a benevolent maintainer.

F0AM is a community tool, and we encourage users to share new code/functionality with everyone.

### Additional Notes

As of F0AMv3.2, heterogeneous (aerosol) chemistry is not rigorously supported. Despair not, for Joel Thornton, Emma D'Ambro and Havala Pye have developed a gas-to-particle partitioning extension, the [Washington Aerosol Module (WAM)](https://www.atmos.washington.edu/~thornton/washington-aerosol-module). This module is a branch from F0AMv3.1 and will be merged with the master branch in a future release.

Commit message:

More details, better links, new email contact

README.md, after:

![alt text](https://github.com/AirChem/F0AM/blob/master/Docs/F0AMLogo.png "F0AM Logo")

Framework for 0-D Atmospheric Modeling

Most recent public release: [**v3.2**](https://github.com/AirChem/F0AM/releases/latest)

Contact: F0AM.model@gmail.com

Discussion Forum/Email List: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/f0amusers

### Welcome!
F0AM is a MATLAB program for simulating atmospheric chemistry systems. It is user-friendly and adaptable to a variety of typical applications, including:
- Analysis of laboratory chamber experiments
- Interpretation of field observations from stationary and mobile platforms
- Process and parameter sensitivity studies 

If F0AM is used to support a scientific publication, please cite the following reference:

>*G. M. Wolfe, M. R. Marvin, S. J. Roberts, K. R. Travis, and J. Liao, The Framework for 0-D Atmospheric Modeling (F0AM) v3.1, Geoscientific Model Development, 9, 3309-3319, doi: 10.5194/gmd-9-3309-2016, 2016.*

In addition, we ask that you send an email to Glenn so that the paper may be added to our [List of Publications Using F0AM](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fd7mWTzMiWuuqRG9eI9g0iYyt7DymLIVpDv_rArt5Z8/edit#gid=0).

### Questions and Issues
It is preferred that all questions, suggestions, bug reports, insults, etc. be posted to the public [F0AM users group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/f0amusers). If your question is sensitive or you prefer to remain anonymous, you can alternatively email contact listed above.

### New Users
To get started, download the most recent public release of the model (link at top of this document). In the main directory of F0AM you will find a file called "F0AM_GettingStarted.pdf" that will guide you through the intitial steps. Read the description paper, read the user manual, and peruse/run the example setup scripts. Remember that models are like any other research tool - they take time to learn, and they break often.

### Repository Structure
The "Master" branch contains the most recent public release of F0AM. Previous versions are also retained under [releases](https://github.com/AirChem/F0AM/releases).

F0AM is a community tool, and we encourage users to share new code/functionality with everyone. Additions or changes can be suggested by creating a new branch, committing your modifications, and issuing a pull request that will then be reviewed by a benevolent maintainer. If you are not comfortable with github lingo or tools, you can also email the contact listed above.

### Additional Notes

As of F0AMv3.2, heterogeneous (aerosol) chemistry is not rigorously supported. Despair not, for Joel Thornton, Emma D'Ambro and Havala Pye have developed a gas-to-particle partitioning extension, the [Washington Aerosol Module (WAM)](https://www.atmos.washington.edu/~thornton/washington-aerosol-module). This module is a branch from F0AMv3.1 and will be merged with the master branch in a future release.

Happy modeling!
